alright so we are here I'm gonna cut for
my first-ever sounders game getting kind
of a a warp first experience because I'm
getting the opportunity watching from
the sweet up here from the mccumber
sweet courtesy of the mccumber family
thank you very much and this is what it
looks like yeah this is the view the
view
finger
it's no to be
Adele over here Thank You her for having
us here in your suite awesome
look at forward just see what it's all
about we got the guys down in the
hooligans right you're calling the Holy
game all right I guess it's always save
all the crazies are in the south end
right down
they're getting pretty amped up now I've
heard all about this crowd but I get to
experience it firsthand but before we do
I want to show you a little bit about
what this sweet looks like so we got we
got couple TVs showing the manor game
right now it's still a 0-0 tie we've got
different artwork on the walls food food
back there the popcorn machine
this is pretty cool this is an original
Russell Wilson painting and the artist
took these images but also incorporated
this spectrograph the sound the sound
spectrum of what they sounded like in
the crowd when this play actually
occurred that's pretty cool let her see
anything like that pretty awesome we got
the mccumber 12 jersey since Seahawk
memorabilia signed football Super Bowl
Super Bowl verbal moment 512 flag over
and popcorn
some souvenirs from the Richard Sherman
softball at a softball game the first
year all right that's it I'm looking
forward to this this is going to be it's
gonna be fun it's pretty cool you'll
make a sound a soccer fan out of me yet
we'll see all right go sounders
I guess a one thing is pretty cool right
off the bat
the organization with the cheers the
chance is something else I mean at the
football games we're just claimed loud
there's just one constant roar of
loudness b-but
x they got they know all the last names
of the players on cue they got their
songs the chance like you got to do some
homework before you come to a game here
go to football games like mindless it's
not hard to do I'm these guys got to
bring in big old Flags you can be uses
what
because
it's all part of the experience
or severe the guy behind the flag really
it's a game take a listen big listening
it's pretty cold bring epic
so no sound no sound or Sounders seldom
get into it again again